Prepare release 4.2.0 (#128)
bmwcarit/MoCOCrW: README.md

The bci.config file is used by our internal validation environment, please just ignore it.

### Build with dilithium support

Dilithium is an **optional** feature provided by MoCOCrW.

This feature depends on [reference implementation of the Dilithium signature scheme](https://github.com/pq-crystals/dilithium/)

> since OpenSSL still doesn't have a support for Dilithium. In order to sucessfully compile MoCOCrW
> with Dilithium feature the following adaptations are necessary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
since OpenSSL still doesn't have a support for Dilithium. The following adaptations are necessary
in order to successfully compile MoCOCrW with the Dilithium feature . 
```

The bci.config file is used by our internal validation environment, please just ignore it.

### Build with dilithium support

Dilithium is an optional feature provided by MoCOCrW. To enable the feature,
replace the CMake invocation with:
```
build/$ cmake -DBUILD_TESTING=True -DDILITHIUM_ENABLED=ON ..
```

Make sure that the adapted version of libdilithium can be found by the linker.

> HSM and dilithium support can be enabled independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, HSM and Dilithium support can be enabled independently via CMake arguments.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

#### Dilithium Adaptions

It is not possible to take the bare dilithium implementation. The dilithium implementation was
adapted. A new function for retrieving the public key from a private key was added. This change is
required to compile MoCOCrW with dilithium support.

There are two PRs created for dilithium. These can be found in dilithium's [github
repository](https://github.com/pq-crystals/dilithium/).

The first [PR](https://github.com/pq-crystals/dilithium/pull/68) contains the adaptions for
retreiving the public key from a private key and is **required** in order to compile MoCOCrW with
dilithium support.

> The second [PR](https://github.com/pq-crystals/dilithium/pull/69) improves the CMake file so that

Reviewer: So the user has to download these two separate PRs, merge them to the main branch locally, and then compile? Which commit/release of the main branch?

Reviewer 2: Done

the static libraries and the header can be installed using CMake. It is recommended to use this PR
for compiling and installing dilithium.

### Build with HSM support

> HSM support is an **optional** feature for MoCOCrW. To build MoCOCrW with HSM support replace the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HSM support is an **optional** feature for MoCOCrW. To build MoCOCrW with HSM support, replace the
```

Reviewer 2: Done

> CMake invocation with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CMake invocation with:
```

Reviewer 2: Done

The bci.config file is used by our internal validation environment, please just ignore it.

### Build with dilithium support

Dilithium is an optional feature provided by MoCOCrW. To enable the feature,
replace the CMake invocation with:
```
build/$ cmake -DBUILD_TESTING=True -DDILITHIUM_ENABLED=ON ..
```

> Make sure that the adapted version of libdilithium can be found by the linker.

Reviewer 3: This is really short. At least the relevant information should be in here:
First of all - the beginning should mention that the impl doesn't come from OpenSSL but requires the reference implementation. It should also mention that it requires a certain set of changes on the ref implementation that can be found in (xyz) location in this repository.

Reviewer 2: Done

> Note, HSM and dilithium support can be enabled independently via CMake arguments.

Reviewer 3: Why is this relevant here? Tbh - this leaves the impression to the reader that there is any kind of HSM support for Dilithium (which isn't the case).

Reviewer 2: Done

#### Dilithium Adaptions

It is not possible to take the bare dilithium implementation. The dilithium implementation was
adapted. A new function for retrieving the public key from a private key was added. This change is
required to compile MoCOCrW with dilithium support.

There are two PRs created for dilithium. These can be found in dilithium's [github
repository](https://github.com/pq-crystals/dilithium/).

> The first [PR](https://github.com/pq-crystals/dilithium/pull/68) contains the adaptions for

Reviewer 3: Tbh - this is not really a relevant text for the readme of our library. Just briefly mention that the required changes are in this repo as patch file and have been proposed upstream. You can also link them here for the sake of completeness but I don't think we should put elaborate comments on the PRs in the README of our lib.

Reviewer 2: Done

retreiving the public key from a private key and is **required** in order to compile MoCOCrW with
dilithium support.

The second [PR](https://github.com/pq-crystals/dilithium/pull/69) improves the CMake file so that
the static libraries and the header can be installed using CMake. It is recommended to use this PR
for compiling and installing dilithium.

To get the local copy of libdilithium with above PRs:
```

> git clone https://github.com/pq-crystals/dilithium.git && cd dilithium

Reviewer: This looks overly complex. After clone, why can't I check out to  _pub-key-extraction_ and merge _cmake-improvements_ locally?

Reviewer 2: pub-key-extraction is a branch on wusto's fork

Reviewer 2: If you're pulling a pull request like this, hash of the parent commit must match. Wusto made his PRs on a hash mention here (3e9b9f) so that's why branches are switched like that. I don't know if there's a more elegant way to do it.

Reviewer 3: Why do we have this complex instructions here? The README isn't really a how to use git. Just refer to the patch files and be good with it. This is going to be outdated at some point, will then get people to use an old version of libdilithium. 
If you want to use this - its your responsibility to take care of such things. A README is no cooking recipe for software build and packaging.

git reset --hard 3e9b9f1412f6c7435dbeb4e10692ea58f181ee51
git checkout -b pub-key-extraction
git pull origin pull/68/head:pub-key-extraction
git checkout master
git checkout -b cmake-improvements
git pull origin pull/69/head:cmake-improvements
git checkout master
git merge --no-edit cmake-improvements
git merge --no-edit pub-key-extraction
```

and then build with:
`mkdir build && cd build && cmake .. && cmake --build .`

### Build with HSM support

> HSM support is an **optional** feature for MoCOCrW. To build MoCOCrW with HSM support, replace the

Reviewer 3: This should probably explain what "HSM" support actually means. Technically, there is support for keys stored in an HSM that offers a PKCS#11 interface.

This should also explain that this feature relies on an adapted version of libp11 as upstream libp11 does not support key creation and does not intend to support it due to the upcoming switch of OpenSSL from the engine API to the provider API.

Reviewer 2: Done

The bci.config file is used by our internal validation environment, please just ignore it.

### Build with dilithium support

> Dilithium is an optional feature for MoCOCrW. For enabling it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dilithium is an optional feature provided by MoCOCrW. To enable the feature,
```

> replace the cmake invocation from abovei:

Reviewer: Remove "from abovei" and replace with  "shown below"

Reviewer: s/cmake/CMake

```
build/$ cmake -DBUILD_TESTING=True -DDILITHIUM_ENABLED=ON ..
```

Make sure that the adapted version of libdilithium can be found by the linker.

HSM and dilithium support can be enabled independently.

#### Dilithium Adaptions

It is not possible to take the bare dilithium implementation. The dilithium implementation was
adapted. A new function for retrieving the public key from a private key was added. This change is
required to compile MoCOCrW with dilithium support.

There are two PRs created for dilithium. These can be found in dilithium's [github
repository](https://github.com/pq-crystals/dilithium/).

The first [PR](https://github.com/pq-crystals/dilithium/pull/68) contains the adaptions for

> retreiving the public key from a private key and is REQUIRED in order to compile MoCOCrW with

Reviewer: Markdown supports ** to render text as bold for emphasis.

Use instead **required**?

dilithium support.

> The second [PR](https://github.com/pq-crystals/dilithium/pull/69) improves the cmake file, so that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second [PR](https://github.com/pq-crystals/dilithium/pull/69) improves the cmake file so that
```

Reviewer: s/cmake/CMake

the static libraries and the header can be installed using cmake. It is recommended to use this PR
for compiling and installing dilithium.

### Build with HSM support

> HSM support is an OPTIONAL feature for MoCOCrW. For building MoCOCrW with HSM support replace the

Reviewer: Ditto.

- s/For building/ To build

Reviewer: s/cmake/CMake

> cmake invocation from above with

Reviewer: Replace "above"

Reviewer: s/cmake/CMake

```
build/$ cmake -DBUILD_TESTING=True -DHSM_ENABLED=ON ..
```

> [libp11](https://github.com/OpenSC/libp11/) `>=libp11-0.4.11` is required for building MoCOCrW with

Reviewer 2: Should be >= 0-4.12?

HSM feature enabled.

HSM and dilithium support can be enabled independently.

## Installation / Usage / Packaging

> MoCOCrW is prepared to be installed or packaged into an SDK. It also provides a cmake

Reviewer: s/cmake/CMake

build/$ cmake -DBUILD_TESTING=True -DHSM_ENABLED=ON ..
```

[libp11 release 0.4.12](https://github.com/OpenSC/libp11/releases/tag/libp11-0.4.12) patched with

> [patch for key generation](https://github.com/bmwcarit/MoCOCrW/blob/openssl1.1/dockerfiles/feature-support/hsm-patches/0001-Introduce-generic-keypair-generation-interface-and-e.patch) is required for building MoCOCrW with

Reviewer: Add link to build instructions for libp11? Users would need to know this information to build along with your patch.

Reviewer: Unrelated to PR, but it might be useful to add a script (https://github.com/bmwcarit/MoCOCrW/tree/openssl1.1/scripts) that downloads and applies this patch?

Reviewer 2: Done
